Update INSTALL.md (#1577)
oneapi-src/oneDAL: INSTALL.md

7. Download and install Python 3.7 (Windows\* only).

> 8. Build oneDAL via command-line interface. Choose the appropriate commands based on the interface, platform and the compiler you use. Below you can find set of examples - you can use combinations of them to get desired build configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Build oneDAL via command-line interface. Choose the appropriate commands based on the interface, platform, and the compiler you use. Below you can find the set of examples for building oneDAL. You may use a combination of them to get the desired build configuration:
```
